docs/intro.md, before:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/select/css/select-theme-default.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/select/css/select-theme-dark.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/select/css/select-theme-chosen.css" />
<script src="/select/select.min.js"></script>
<script>$(function(){ $('select').each(function(){ new Select({ el: this, className: $(this).attr('data-className') }); }); });</script>

## Select

Select is a Javascript and CSS library for creating styleable select elements.  Unlike many other select-replacements, Select is designed
from the ground up to replicate the behavior of native select controls as much as is possible, providing a seemless experience for users.
That means it works properly when you type characters, use tab for focus, etc.

Use Select where you would use a native select.  It doesn't, and will never, provide any sort of search functionality, so you probably
don't want to use it on a list of more than a few hundred elements.

Select uses [Tether](http://github.hubspot.com/tether/docs/welcome) to efficiently position its element container.

### [Demo](http://github.hubspot.com/select/docs/welcome)

### Dependencies

None!

### Browser Support

IE9+ and all modern browsers

### Usage

#### Initialization

To initialize a single `selectElement`, simply create a `new Select` object.

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
```

To initialize all selects on a page, you can use the `Select.init` method:

```coffeescript
Select.init()
```

By default, that will init all `select` elements, pass a `selector` to be more specific:

```coffeescript
Select.init({selector: '.my-select'})
```

You can pass any options you'd like to init your select's with into `init`:

```coffeescript
Select.init({className: 'select-theme-dark'})
```

#### The Select Object
  
The `Select` constructor returns a `Select` object.  You can also get the select instance by reading the `.selectInstance` property off of the
original `select` element:

```coffeescript
MySelect = new Select
  el: myElement

# OR

new Select
  el: myElement

MySelect = el.selectInstance
```

The `Select` object has the following properties:

- `.close()`: Close the dropdown, if it's open
- `.open()`: Open the dropdown, if it's closed
- `.toggle()`: Toggle between open and closed
- `.isOpen()`: Returns true if the dropdown is open
- `.change(val)`: Change the select to the option with the value provided
- `.value`: The current value of the select

You can also bind events on the select object:

- `.on(event, handler, [context])`: When `event` happens, call `handler`, with `context`
- `.off(event, [handler])`: Unbind the provided `event` - `handler` combination
- `.once(event, handler, [context])`: The next time `event` happens, call `handler`, with `context`

Events:

- `open`
- `close`
- `change`
- `highlight`

When the select's value changes, the value of the original `select` element it's based on will change
as well, so feel free to read the value from that element, or listen to it's `change` event.

#### Changing the theme

To change from the default theme, change the `className` property.

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
    className: 'select-theme-dark'
```

#### Changing the positioning

Select has an option called `selectLikeAlignment` which allows you to change whether
the drop is positioned like a real
select element (with the currently selected option over the element) or like a canonical dropdown menu.

By default, this property is set to `"auto"`, meaning it will align the drop like a select only when the number of items in the options chooser does not cause it to scroll. The other options are `"always"` and never `"never"`.

In this example, we Select to always open the drop like a dropdown menu.

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
    selectLikeAlignment: 'never'
```

### Themes

Currently there are three themes for Select.js.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Theme</th>
<th>Class name</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Default</td><td>(No class name necessary)</td><td><select data-className="select-theme-default"><option value="" selected="selected">Select a state...</option> <option value="AL">Alabama</option> <option value="AK">Alaska</option> <option value="AZ">Arizona</option> <option value="AR">Arkansas</option> <option value="CA">California</option> <option value="CO">Colorado</option> <option value="CT">Connecticut</option> <option value="DE">Delaware</option> <option value="DC">District Of Columbia</option> <option value="FL">Florida</option> <option value="GA">Georgia</option> <option value="HI">Hawaii</option> <option value="ID">Idaho</option> <option value="IL">Illinois</option> <option value="IN">Indiana</option> <option value="IA">Iowa</option> <option value="KS">Kansas</option> <option value="KY">Kentucky</option> <option value="LA">Louisiana</option> <option value="ME">Maine</option> <option value="MD">Maryland</option> <option value="MA">Massachusetts</option> <option value="MI">Michigan</option> <option value="MN">Minnesota</option> <option value="MS">Mississippi</option> <option value="MO">Missouri</option> <option value="MT">Montana</option> <option value="NE">Nebraska</option> <option value="NV">Nevada</option> <option value="NH">New Hampshire</option> <option value="NJ">New Jersey</option> <option value="NM">New Mexico</option> <option value="NY">New York</option> <option value="NC">North Carolina</option> <option value="ND">North Dakota</option> <option value="OH">Ohio</option> <option value="OK">Oklahoma</option> <option value="OR">Oregon</option> <option value="PA">Pennsylvania</option> <option value="RI">Rhode Island</option> <option value="SC">South Carolina</option> <option value="SD">South Dakota</option> <option value="TN">Tennessee</option> <option value="TX">Texas</option> <option value="UT">Utah</option> <option value="VT">Vermont</option> <option value="VA">Virginia</option> <option value="WA">Washington</option> <option value="WV">West Virginia</option> <option value="WI">Wisconsin</option> <option value="WY">Wyoming</option></select></tr>
<tr><td>Dark</td><td>select-theme-dark</td><td><select data-className="select-theme-dark"><option value="" selected="selected">Select a state...</option> <option value="AL">Alabama</option> <option value="AK">Alaska</option> <option value="AZ">Arizona</option> <option value="AR">Arkansas</option> <option value="CA">California</option> <option value="CO">Colorado</option> <option value="CT">Connecticut</option> <option value="DE">Delaware</option> <option value="DC">District Of Columbia</option> <option value="FL">Florida</option> <option value="GA">Georgia</option> <option value="HI">Hawaii</option> <option value="ID">Idaho</option> <option value="IL">Illinois</option> <option value="IN">Indiana</option> <option value="IA">Iowa</option> <option value="KS">Kansas</option> <option value="KY">Kentucky</option> <option value="LA">Louisiana</option> <option value="ME">Maine</option> <option value="MD">Maryland</option> <option value="MA">Massachusetts</option> <option value="MI">Michigan</option> <option value="MN">Minnesota</option> <option value="MS">Mississippi</option> <option value="MO">Missouri</option> <option value="MT">Montana</option> <option value="NE">Nebraska</option> <option value="NV">Nevada</option> <option value="NH">New Hampshire</option> <option value="NJ">New Jersey</option> <option value="NM">New Mexico</option> <option value="NY">New York</option> <option value="NC">North Carolina</option> <option value="ND">North Dakota</option> <option value="OH">Ohio</option> <option value="OK">Oklahoma</option> <option value="OR">Oregon</option> <option value="PA">Pennsylvania</option> <option value="RI">Rhode Island</option> <option value="SC">South Carolina</option> <option value="SD">South Dakota</option> <option value="TN">Tennessee</option> <option value="TX">Texas</option> <option value="UT">Utah</option> <option value="VT">Vermont</option> <option value="VA">Virginia</option> <option value="WA">Washington</option> <option value="WV">West Virginia</option> <option value="WI">Wisconsin</option> <option value="WY">Wyoming</option></select></tr>
<tr><td>Chosen</td><td>select-theme-chosen</td><td><select data-className="select-theme-chosen"><option value="" selected="selected">Select a state...</option> <option value="AL">Alabama</option> <option value="AK">Alaska</option> <option value="AZ">Arizona</option> <option value="AR">Arkansas</option> <option value="CA">California</option> <option value="CO">Colorado</option> <option value="CT">Connecticut</option> <option value="DE">Delaware</option> <option value="DC">District Of Columbia</option> <option value="FL">Florida</option> <option value="GA">Georgia</option> <option value="HI">Hawaii</option> <option value="ID">Idaho</option> <option value="IL">Illinois</option> <option value="IN">Indiana</option> <option value="IA">Iowa</option> <option value="KS">Kansas</option> <option value="KY">Kentucky</option> <option value="LA">Louisiana</option> <option value="ME">Maine</option> <option value="MD">Maryland</option> <option value="MA">Massachusetts</option> <option value="MI">Michigan</option> <option value="MN">Minnesota</option> <option value="MS">Mississippi</option> <option value="MO">Missouri</option> <option value="MT">Montana</option> <option value="NE">Nebraska</option> <option value="NV">Nevada</option> <option value="NH">New Hampshire</option> <option value="NJ">New Jersey</option> <option value="NM">New Mexico</option> <option value="NY">New York</option> <option value="NC">North Carolina</option> <option value="ND">North Dakota</option> <option value="OH">Ohio</option> <option value="OK">Oklahoma</option> <option value="OR">Oregon</option> <option value="PA">Pennsylvania</option> <option value="RI">Rhode Island</option> <option value="SC">South Carolina</option> <option value="SD">South Dakota</option> <option value="TN">Tennessee</option> <option value="TX">Texas</option> <option value="UT">Utah</option> <option value="VT">Vermont</option> <option value="VA">Virginia</option> <option value="WA">Washington</option> <option value="WV">West Virginia</option> <option value="WI">Wisconsin</option> <option value="WY">Wyoming</option></select></tr>
</tbody>
</table>

Commit message:

Fallback to the native drop on mobile devices

docs/intro.md, after:

<link rel="stylesheet" href="/select/css/select-theme-default.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/select/css/select-theme-dark.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/select/css/select-theme-chosen.css" />
<script src="/select/select.min.js"></script>
<script>$(function(){ $('select').each(function(){ new Select({ el: this, className: $(this).attr('data-className') }); }); });</script>

## Select

Select is a Javascript and CSS library for creating styleable select elements.  Unlike many other select-replacements, Select is designed
from the ground up to replicate the behavior of native select controls as much as is possible, providing a seemless experience for users.
That means it works properly when you type characters, use tab for focus, etc.

Use Select where you would use a native select.  It doesn't, and will never, provide any sort of search functionality, so you probably
don't want to use it on a list of more than a few hundred elements.

Select uses [Tether](http://github.hubspot.com/tether/docs/welcome) to efficiently position its element container.

### [Demo](http://github.hubspot.com/select/docs/welcome)

### Dependencies

None!

### Browser Support

IE9+ and all modern browsers

### Usage

#### Initialization

To initialize a single `selectElement`, simply create a `new Select` object.

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
```

To initialize all selects on a page, you can use the `Select.init` method:

```coffeescript
Select.init()
```

By default, that will init all `select` elements, pass a `selector` to be more specific:

```coffeescript
Select.init({selector: '.my-select'})
```

You can pass any options you'd like to init your select's with into `init`:

```coffeescript
Select.init({className: 'select-theme-dark'})
```

#### The Select Object
  
The `Select` constructor returns a `Select` object.  You can also get the select instance by reading the `.selectInstance` property off of the
original `select` element:

```coffeescript
MySelect = new Select
  el: myElement

# OR

new Select
  el: myElement

MySelect = el.selectInstance
```

The `Select` object has the following properties:

- `.close()`: Close the dropdown, if it's open
- `.open()`: Open the dropdown, if it's closed
- `.toggle()`: Toggle between open and closed
- `.isOpen()`: Returns true if the dropdown is open
- `.change(val)`: Change the select to the option with the value provided
- `.value`: The current value of the select

You can also bind events on the select object:

- `.on(event, handler, [context])`: When `event` happens, call `handler`, with `context`
- `.off(event, [handler])`: Unbind the provided `event` - `handler` combination
- `.once(event, handler, [context])`: The next time `event` happens, call `handler`, with `context`

Events:

- `open`
- `close`
- `change`
- `highlight`

When the select's value changes, the value of the original `select` element it's based on will change
as well, so feel free to read the value from that element, or listen to it's `change` event.

#### Changing the theme

To change from the default theme, change the `className` property.

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
    className: 'select-theme-dark'
```

#### Changing the positioning

Select has an option called `selectLikeAlignment` which allows you to change whether
the drop is positioned like a real
select element (with the currently selected option over the element) or like a canonical dropdown menu.

By default, this property is set to `"auto"`, meaning it will align the drop like a select only when the number of items in the options chooser does not cause it to scroll. The other options are `"always"` and never `"never"`.

In this example, we Select to always open the drop like a dropdown menu.

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
    selectLikeAlignment: 'never'
```

#### Native controls

By default, select fallsback to opening the native browser select on touch devices which are less than or equal to 640px in either height or width.

To disable this:

```coffeescript
new Select
    el: selectElement
    useNative: false
```

### Themes

Currently there are three themes for Select.js.

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Theme</th>
<th>Class name</th>
<th></th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>Default</td><td>(No class name necessary)</td><td><select data-className="select-theme-default"><option value="" selected="selected">Select a state...</option> <option value="AL">Alabama</option> <option value="AK">Alaska</option> <option value="AZ">Arizona</option> <option value="AR">Arkansas</option> <option value="CA">California</option> <option value="CO">Colorado</option> <option value="CT">Connecticut</option> <option value="DE">Delaware</option> <option value="DC">District Of Columbia</option> <option value="FL">Florida</option> <option value="GA">Georgia</option> <option value="HI">Hawaii</option> <option value="ID">Idaho</option> <option value="IL">Illinois</option> <option value="IN">Indiana</option> <option value="IA">Iowa</option> <option value="KS">Kansas</option> <option value="KY">Kentucky</option> <option value="LA">Louisiana</option> <option value="ME">Maine</option> <option value="MD">Maryland</option> <option value="MA">Massachusetts</option> <option value="MI">Michigan</option> <option value="MN">Minnesota</option> <option value="MS">Mississippi</option> <option value="MO">Missouri</option> <option value="MT">Montana</option> <option value="NE">Nebraska</option> <option value="NV">Nevada</option> <option value="NH">New Hampshire</option> <option value="NJ">New Jersey</option> <option value="NM">New Mexico</option> <option value="NY">New York</option> <option value="NC">North Carolina</option> <option value="ND">North Dakota</option> <option value="OH">Ohio</option> <option value="OK">Oklahoma</option> <option value="OR">Oregon</option> <option value="PA">Pennsylvania</option> <option value="RI">Rhode Island</option> <option value="SC">South Carolina</option> <option value="SD">South Dakota</option> <option value="TN">Tennessee</option> <option value="TX">Texas</option> <option value="UT">Utah</option> <option value="VT">Vermont</option> <option value="VA">Virginia</option> <option value="WA">Washington</option> <option value="WV">West Virginia</option> <option value="WI">Wisconsin</option> <option value="WY">Wyoming</option></select></tr>
<tr><td>Dark</td><td>select-theme-dark</td><td><select data-className="select-theme-dark"><option value="" selected="selected">Select a state...</option> <option value="AL">Alabama</option> <option value="AK">Alaska</option> <option value="AZ">Arizona</option> <option value="AR">Arkansas</option> <option value="CA">California</option> <option value="CO">Colorado</option> <option value="CT">Connecticut</option> <option value="DE">Delaware</option> <option value="DC">District Of Columbia</option> <option value="FL">Florida</option> <option value="GA">Georgia</option> <option value="HI">Hawaii</option> <option value="ID">Idaho</option> <option value="IL">Illinois</option> <option value="IN">Indiana</option> <option value="IA">Iowa</option> <option value="KS">Kansas</option> <option value="KY">Kentucky</option> <option value="LA">Louisiana</option> <option value="ME">Maine</option> <option value="MD">Maryland</option> <option value="MA">Massachusetts</option> <option value="MI">Michigan</option> <option value="MN">Minnesota</option> <option value="MS">Mississippi</option> <option value="MO">Missouri</option> <option value="MT">Montana</option> <option value="NE">Nebraska</option> <option value="NV">Nevada</option> <option value="NH">New Hampshire</option> <option value="NJ">New Jersey</option> <option value="NM">New Mexico</option> <option value="NY">New York</option> <option value="NC">North Carolina</option> <option value="ND">North Dakota</option> <option value="OH">Ohio</option> <option value="OK">Oklahoma</option> <option value="OR">Oregon</option> <option value="PA">Pennsylvania</option> <option value="RI">Rhode Island</option> <option value="SC">South Carolina</option> <option value="SD">South Dakota</option> <option value="TN">Tennessee</option> <option value="TX">Texas</option> <option value="UT">Utah</option> <option value="VT">Vermont</option> <option value="VA">Virginia</option> <option value="WA">Washington</option> <option value="WV">West Virginia</option> <option value="WI">Wisconsin</option> <option value="WY">Wyoming</option></select></tr>
<tr><td>Chosen</td><td>select-theme-chosen</td><td><select data-className="select-theme-chosen"><option value="" selected="selected">Select a state...</option> <option value="AL">Alabama</option> <option value="AK">Alaska</option> <option value="AZ">Arizona</option> <option value="AR">Arkansas</option> <option value="CA">California</option> <option value="CO">Colorado</option> <option value="CT">Connecticut</option> <option value="DE">Delaware</option> <option value="DC">District Of Columbia</option> <option value="FL">Florida</option> <option value="GA">Georgia</option> <option value="HI">Hawaii</option> <option value="ID">Idaho</option> <option value="IL">Illinois</option> <option value="IN">Indiana</option> <option value="IA">Iowa</option> <option value="KS">Kansas</option> <option value="KY">Kentucky</option> <option value="LA">Louisiana</option> <option value="ME">Maine</option> <option value="MD">Maryland</option> <option value="MA">Massachusetts</option> <option value="MI">Michigan</option> <option value="MN">Minnesota</option> <option value="MS">Mississippi</option> <option value="MO">Missouri</option> <option value="MT">Montana</option> <option value="NE">Nebraska</option> <option value="NV">Nevada</option> <option value="NH">New Hampshire</option> <option value="NJ">New Jersey</option> <option value="NM">New Mexico</option> <option value="NY">New York</option> <option value="NC">North Carolina</option> <option value="ND">North Dakota</option> <option value="OH">Ohio</option> <option value="OK">Oklahoma</option> <option value="OR">Oregon</option> <option value="PA">Pennsylvania</option> <option value="RI">Rhode Island</option> <option value="SC">South Carolina</option> <option value="SD">South Dakota</option> <option value="TN">Tennessee</option> <option value="TX">Texas</option> <option value="UT">Utah</option> <option value="VT">Vermont</option> <option value="VA">Virginia</option> <option value="WA">Washington</option> <option value="WV">West Virginia</option> <option value="WI">Wisconsin</option> <option value="WY">Wyoming</option></select></tr>
</tbody>
</table>
